        
       The College of Engineering has been awarded a software grant by long-time technology 

partner Intergraph Mapping and Geospatial Solutions. Valued at more than $3.4 million, this 

grant will allow the college to expand its geospatial engineering laboratory, research and 

Geographical Information Systems (GIS) curriculum.  

       The grant includes more than 20 products from Intergraph and one of its companies, Z/I 

Imaging. These products will be integrated into Cal Poly Pomona’s geospatial engineering 

laboratory and facilitate complete global positioning systems (GPS) data acquisition processing, 

total station data acquisition processing, softcopy photogrammetric data acquisition processing, 

GIS and remote sensing analysis, visualization and animation scene development. 

       “Cal Poly Pomona has had a long and fruitful relationship with Intergraph and Z/I 

Imaging,” says Howard Turner, professor of surveying and civil engineering. “We are grateful 

for the valuable opportunity to incorporate an enormous breadth of technology into our 

curriculum and strengthen our efforts in GIS and softcopy photogrammetry.” 

       Photogrammetry and GIS are two of the courses that will use the laboratory for a more 

hands-on study of the geosciences. In addition, a new course elective, Elements of Spatial 

                                           —more— 

       3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA  91768    Telephone  (909) 869-3342    Fax  (909) 869-3343    E-mail  publicaffair@csupomona.edu 
  THE CALIFORNIA STATE    UNIVERSITY     Bakersfield, Channel Islands, Chico, Dominguez Hills, Fresno, Fullerton, Hayward, Humboldt, Long Beach, Los Angeles,  
       Maritime Academy, Monterey Bay, Northridge, Pomona, Sacramento, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, San Luis Obispo, San Marcos, Sonoma, Stanislaus 
Cal Poly Pomona – GIS Grant 
Page 2 of 2 

Positioning, was offered Spring 2003. Taking full advantage of the software donation, the course 

emphasizes scientific concepts and positioning techniques as they apply to geology, geography, 

archaeology, agriculture, oceanography and other disciplines, integrating photogrammetry, 

remote sensing, GIS, global positioning systems (GPS) and 3-D modeling in mapping, 

observation and study of natural events.  

       The grant provides a platform for future generations of engineers to gain an 

understanding of the principles and methodology used in geospatial engineering, thus allowing 

these students to enter the workforce armed with the training and skills needed to propel the 

industry forward. 

       “This grant will allow us to move forward in teaching students photogrammetry 

supported GIS,” says Turner. “In addition, we are working with Intergraph to extend 

geographical information systems into lower division civil engineering courses. This will expose 

at least 200 civil engineering students per year to GIS, which is expected to be a $21 billion per 

year industry by 2005.” 

       The university is also naming its geospatial laboratory the Intergraph Geospatial 

Engineering Laboratory. The laboratory is an expansion of the Mapping Science Center of 

Excellence established in 1994 by Intergraph and other corporate sponsors. 

       Intergraph Mapping and Geospatial Solutions is a leading geospatial solutions provider 

for the following markets: local, state, and federal government; transportation; utilities; 

communications; location-based services; photogrammetry; remote sensing; cartography; and 

military and intelligence. 

                                                 # # # 
            CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY, POMONA

       
 
Office of Public Affairs                                                        News Release
Division of University Advancement  
                                                PHOTO 
 
                                            OPPORTUNITY! 
Media Contact: Uyen Mai                                       FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
(909) 869-5331, utmai@csupomona.edu                                                     July 8, 2003 
Release No: 0304-002 
 
           CAL POLY POMONA’S COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING SERVES AS 
    TIMING & SCORING COMMAND CENTER FOR SOLAR CHALLENGE RACE 
 
       With gasoline prices hovering just below $2 a gallon, a number of college students will 

manage to take a road trip across the country this summer without a drop of gas. These students 

are competing in the American Solar Challenge (ASC) in which solar-powered racecars make a 

2,300-mile expedition from Chicago to Claremont. 

       Throughout the 10-day competition, Cal Poly Pomona’s College of Engineering will 

serve as the command center, tracking and scoring entries. Vehicles will be tracked through use 

of a global positioning satellite system.  

       ASC will get underway Sunday, July 13, at the Museum of Science and Industry in 

Chicago and will follow legendary Route 66 through eight states. The race will finish 

Wednesday, July 23, at Yale Avenue in downtown Claremont. 

       The 30 cars in this year’s competition must rely solely on electric power generated by 

sunlight. With no other external power source permitted, most entries are one-man vehicles with 

futuristic body designs featuring solar cells covering much of the surface. 

       For more information on the competition or for daily race results, visit 

www.americansolarchallenge.org throughout the duration of the event. 

                                                #### 

       3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA  91768    Telephone  (909) 869-3342    Fax  (909) 869-3343    E-mail  publicaffair@csupomona.edu 
  THE CALIFORNIA STATE    UNIVERSITY     Bakersfield, Channel Islands, Chico, Dominguez Hills, Fresno, Fullerton, Hayward, Humboldt, Long Beach, Los Angeles,  
       Maritime Academy, Monterey Bay, Northridge, Pomona, Sacramento, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, San Luis Obispo, San Marcos, Sonoma, Stanislaus 
            CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY, POMONA

       
 
Office of Public Affairs                                                        News Release
Division of University Advancement  
 
 
Media Contact: Uyen Mai                                      FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
(909) 869-5331, utmai@csupomona.edu                                                   July 16, 2003 
Release No: 0304-003 
 
     CAL POLY POMONA PROFESSOR WORKS WITH POMONA HIGH SCHOOL 
           TEACHER TO ENHANCE SCIENCE CURRICULUM, EXPERIENCE 
 
       Sonal Patel generally teaches about anatomy and research to his students at Pomona High 
School, but this summer, he’s the one conducting the research.  
       Patel is one of only 14 teachers selected nationwide to participate in Frontiers in 
Physiology, a program of the American Physiological Society (APS), in which teachers and 
physiologists work collaboratively to improve science education at middle and high school 
levels. His host is Cal Poly Pomona’s Steven Wickler, director of equine research and university 
veterinarian. 
       “I think educating science teachers is a critical component of education,” Wickler said. 
“You have to have teachers interested in science so they can convey the same interest to their 
students. This seemed like a great avenue, so I was interested in hosting.” 
       Since May, Patel has worked with Wickler to study the metabolic rates of horse muscles 
at high and low altitudes. Time spent in the labs has reacquainted Patel with research techniques 
and strategies as well as provided new ideas for classroom teaching. 
       “It’s been like coming back to school again,” Patel said. “It’s a challenge for me, but it 
improves my teaching by leaps and bounds.” 
       Since 1990, more than 120 APS members have hosted more than 250 middle and high 
school teachers nationwide. Subsequently, about 250,000 students have benefited from this 
program.  
       Cal Poly Pomona is located at 3801 W. Temple Ave. in Pomona. Daily parking permits 
are required, and can be purchased for $4 at the Visitor Information Booth along Kellogg Drive.  
                                                # # # 

       3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA  91768    Telephone  (909) 869-3342    Fax  (909) 869-3343    E-mail  publicaffair@csupomona.edu 
  THE CALIFORNIA STATE    UNIVERSITY    Bakersfield, Channel Islands, Chico, Dominguez Hills, Fresno, Fullerton, Hayward, Humboldt, Long Beach, Los Angeles,  
       Maritime Academy, Monterey Bay, Northridge, Pomona, Sacramento, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, San Luis Obispo, San Marcos, Sonoma, Stanislaus 
           CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY, POMONA

       
 
Office of Public Affairs                                                       News Release
Division of University Advancement  
 
 
Contact: Uyen Mai                                             FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
(909) 869-5331                                                                        July 17, 2003 
Release No: 0304-004 
 
               ACADEMIC, SPORTS AND COMPUTER SUMMER CAMPS  
                STILL AVAILABLE FOR YOUTH AT CAL POLY POMONA  
 
College Academy for Elementary Students 
       July 28-Aug. 1 or Aug. 25-29 – An Elementary Academy for students going into second 
through fifth grades will provide students a glimpse into the polytechnic experience. Formerly 
called the Science IMPACT Summer Science and Math Camp, the Elementary Academy provides 
learning experiences in visual arts, math, music, science, agriculture, design workshops, 
sociology, history and psychology. Instruction is interactive and includes a trip to the Cal Poly 
Pomona Rain Bird Rainforest Learning Center, a rainforest simulation. The camp runs from 8:30 
a.m. to 4 p.m. and costs $235, which includes snack, lunch, all learning materials and a T-shirt. 
Supervised day care until 6 p.m. is also available for an additional $22 for the entire week.  For 
more information, call College Academy director Stefanie Saccoman at (909) 869-2579. 
 
College Academy for Middle School Students 
       Aug. 4-8 or Aug. 18-22 – This summer camp offers middle school students entering grades 
six through nine the full Cal Poly Pomona experience. Students will live in the university dorms, 
eat in Los Olivos Dining Commons and complete classes in a wide range of subjects. The Middle 
School Academy provides learning experiences in visual arts, math, music, science, agriculture, 
design workshops, sociology, history and psychology. Instruction is interactive and includes a trip 
to the Cal Poly Pomona Rain Bird Rainforest Learning Center, a rainforest simulation. The camp 
costs $515, which includes all meals, housing, learning materials and an academy souvenir. For more 
information, call College Academy director Stefanie Saccoman at (909) 869-2579.  

                                          —more— 

       3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA  91768    Telephone  (909) 869-3342    Fax  (909) 869-3343    E-mail  publicaffair@csupomona.edu 
  THE CALIFORNIA STATE    UNIVERSITY    Bakersfield, Channel Islands, Chico, Dominguez Hills, Fresno, Fullerton, Hayward, Humboldt, Long Beach, Los Angeles,  
       Maritime Academy, Monterey Bay, Northridge, Pomona, Sacramento, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, San Luis Obispo, San Marcos, Sonoma, Stanislaus 
Cal Poly Pomona—Summer Camps 
Page 2 of 2 

 
Sports Camps 

       Through Aug. 22—Cal Poly Pomona Athletics will provide sports camps for youth ages 
7 to 17 to learn the fundamentals of soccer, basketball, volleyball and baseball. Costs range from 
$88-$474. For more information, call (909) 869-2810.  
       Baseball - Boys/Girls - $190  

          ·  Aug. 11-15 (9 a.m.-3 p.m.) Darin Erstad of the Anaheim Angels will visit. 

       Basketball - Girls Only - $250 day or  $350 overnight 

          ·  Aug. 4-8 (7 a.m.-9 p.m.) Ages 7-15  

       Basketball - Boys/Girls - $175 

          ·  July 21-25 (9 a.m.-4 p.m.) Ages 7-15 

          ·  Aug. 11-15 (9 a.m.-4 p.m.) Ages 7-15 

          ·  Aug. 18-22 (9 a.m.-4 p.m.) Ages 7-15 

       Soccer - Boys/Girls - $88 to $474 

          ·  Aug. 18-21 (noon-4 p.m.) Ages 7-13, Advanced CS Academy, $88 

       Tennis - Boys/Girls - $145 

          ·  July 28-Aug 1 (8 a.m. - noon) Ages 7 and up  

          ·  Aug. 4-8 (8 a.m. - noon) Ages 7 and up 

          ·  Aug. 11-15 (8 a.m. - noon) Ages 7 and up 

       Volleyball - Girls/Boys - $175 - $185 

          ·  July 21-24 (9 a.m. - 4 p.m.) Ages 12-17, $175 

          ·  July 28- Aug. 1 (9 a.m. - 4 p.m.) Ages 12-17, $185 

                                           —more— 
Cal Poly Pomona—Summer Camps 
Page 3 of 3 

           
Computer Boot Camp 
       Through Aug. 17 – Junior high and high school students with some computer experience 
can learn to assemble, test and troubleshoot computers during Computer Boot Camp at Cal Poly 
Pomona. At the end of the sessions, students will get to keep the computer they built! Learning 
equipment and lunch are also included. 
       Four types of course packages are offered:  
       ·  Weeklong day camp—Monday to Friday, 9 a.m.-5 p.m., $1,295 
       ·  Weeklong residential—Sunday at 5 p.m. to Friday at 5 p.m., $1,595 
       ·  Weekend day camp—Saturday to Sunday, 8 a.m.-6 p.m., $995 
       ·  Weekend residential—Friday at 5 p.m. to Sunday at 6 p.m., $1,295 
       The weeklong programs also include training in operating system installation, Microsoft 
Office applications and Web design. Students in residential programs will enjoy a full college 
experience and stay in the university’s residential halls with university counselors.  
       For more information, visit www.cact.csupomona.edu or call Cal Poly Pomona’s Center 
for Advanced Computer Technology at (909) 869-2288. 
 
 
                                            #### 
            CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY, POMONA

       
 
Office of Public Affairs                                                        News Release
Division of University Advancement  
 
 
Media Contact: Uyen Mai                                       FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
(909) 869-5331, utmai@csupomona.edu                                                    July 21, 2003 
Release No: 0304-005  
 
                  CAL POLY POMONA COMMENCEMENT WEBCASTS  
                            REACH VIEWERS IN 22 COUNTRIES 
 
       Although distance could make it difficult to attend a loved one’s graduation, Cal Poly 
Pomona made it possible for someone across the globe to join in the festivities.  
       By providing live webcasts and downloads of commencement ceremonies on the Internet, 
the university’s Instructional & Information Technology division has reached audiences across 
the world. In only one week, the university’s ceremonies were viewed 22,296 times from at least 
22 countries including Thailand, Syria, the Philippines and Peru.  
       “It’s great. Every year we’re doing better and better, adding features and increasing the 
number of plays,” said Imran Hamid, operating systems analyst and streaming engineer. “We’ve 
only gotten positive feedback.” 
       A nine-member team worked nearly 16 hours a day to produce live streaming video of 
the university’s eight commencement ceremonies on June 13-15. The videos could still be 
viewed and downloaded at http://video.csupomona.edu/june2003. 
       The university has provided streaming video of commencement ceremonies since 2001, 
with a steadily increasing audience. This year, staff began integrating titles and credits during 
live webcasts. Due to the success of Cal Poly Pomona’s video streaming services, the university 
also supplied video streaming services to its sister campus Cal State Northridge, which held it 
graduation ceremonies one week prior.  
       Beginning next year, the division anticipates the ability to produce high-quality DVD 
copies of the ceremonies. These copies will be available for sale to students’ families as a 
reminder of their loved ones’ achievements. 
                                                       
                                                # # # 

       3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA  91768    Telephone  (909) 869-3342    Fax  (909) 869-3343    E-mail  publicaffair@csupomona.edu 
  THE CALIFORNIA STATE    UNIVERSITY     Bakersfield, Channel Islands, Chico, Dominguez Hills, Fresno, Fullerton, Hayward, Humboldt, Long Beach, Los Angeles,  
       Maritime Academy, Monterey Bay, Northridge, Pomona, Sacramento, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, San Luis Obispo, San Marcos, Sonoma, Stanislaus 
            CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY, POMONA

       
 
Office of Public Affairs                                                         News Release
Division of University Advancement  
 
 
Media Contact: Uyen Mai                                       FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
(909) 869-5331, utmai@csupomona.edu                                                    July 22, 2003 
Release No: 0304-006 
 
          CAL POLY POMONA CAREER CENTER SERVICES ENHANCED BY  
                  $25,000 DONATION FROM ENTERPRISE RENT-A-CAR 
 
       While Enterprise Rent-A-Car is known for providing its customers a smooth ride from 
point A to point B, a recent donation to Cal Poly Pomona’s Career Center will also help students 
make a smooth transition from college to the work force. 
       An Enterprise Rent-A-Car representative presented a check for $5,000 to the university’s 
Career Center on July 21. It is the first installment of a $25,000 pledge to aid Career Center 
support services. 
       “Enterprise Rent-A-Car has been a remarkable partner,” said Manuel Perez, director of 
the Career Center. “They maintain a constant presence at the university, actively meeting with 
our faculty and with members of our student organizations. We are grateful for the relationship 
we have built over the years.” 
        Enterprise Rent-A-Car has had a long-standing relationship with the university. The 
company has hired 72 Cal Poly Pomona alumni to work in its Southern California offices. It has 
also provided vans to serve as shuttles during the Career Center’s job fairs throughout the year. 
       “It’s mutually beneficial,” said Enterprise Rent-A-Car recruiter Kathy Gillen, who 
presented the check. Gillen noted that it serves the organization well to support the education and 
development of its future employees. 
       The donation will support Career Center service programs such as its computer lab, 
resource library, seminars, workshops and job fairs.  
                                                # # # 

                          Editor’s Note: Photo available upon request. 

       3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA  91768    Telephone  (909) 869-3342    Fax  (909) 869-3343    E-mail  publicaffair@csupomona.edu 
  THE CALIFORNIA STATE    UNIVERSITY     Bakersfield, Channel Islands, Chico, Dominguez Hills, Fresno, Fullerton, Hayward, Humboldt, Long Beach, Los Angeles,  
       Maritime Academy, Monterey Bay, Northridge, Pomona, Sacramento, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, San Luis Obispo, San Marcos, Sonoma, Stanislaus 
            CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHN                        IC UNIVERSITY, POMONA

       
 
Office of Public Affairs                                                        News Release
Division of Universi ty Advancement  
 
 
Media Contact: Public Affairs                                  FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
(909) 869-5331                                                                         July 23, 2003 
Release No: 0304-007 
 
                MCNAIR SCHOLARS PROGRAM SUMMER SYMPOSIUM 
                   WILL SHOWCASE STUDENT RESEARCH PROJECTS 
 
       After six months of graduate-level research, 20 students in Cal Poly Pomona’s McNair 
Scholars Program are set to present their findings at a summer symposium on July 31, from 9-
11:25 a.m., in the Bronco Student Center. 
       “All of their hard work since January culminates in 15 minutes of fame,” said academic 
advisor Joan Hill. 
       The McNair Scholars Program is named for Ronald E. McNair, best known as one of the 
astronauts aboard the 1986 Challenger shuttle. The federally funded program in his name 
encourages first-generation, low-income or underrepresented students to earn doctoral degrees 
through involvement with research, mentors, seminars and financial aid.  
       Physics senior Krista Banks said that she feels prepared for graduate school after going 
through the program. “I feel like I know what’s expected of me in grad school whereas before I 
would have gone in blindly,” she said. 
       Each McNair scholar chose a professor who guided the student’s research project from 
proposal to final paper. Research topics range from cannabinoid receptors in mice to the effects 
of race on adoption. 
       “We’re very proud of the McNair Scholars Program at the university,” said Frank Torres, 
director of the Cal Poly Pomona program.  “In the past four years, it has enriched the lives of 73 
students. This program holds a unique and special place in our lives as well as for the faculty and 
staff who work with our students.” 
       For additional information, contact Hill at (909) 869-3381. 

                                           —more— 

       3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA  91768    Telephone  (909) 869-3342    Fax  (909) 869-3343    E-mail  publicaffair@csupomona.edu 
  THE CALIFORNIA STATE    UNIVERSITY     Bakersfield, Channel Islands, Chico, Dominguez Hills, Fresno, Fullerton, Hayward, Humboldt, Long Beach, Los Angeles,  
       Maritime Academy, Monterey Bay, Northridge, Pomona, Sacramento, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, San Luis Obispo, San Marcos, Sonoma, Stanislaus 
Cal Poly Pomona 
Page 2 of 2 

       The following are the names of this year’s McNair Scholars, including their majors, 
hometowns and research titles: 
 
Kelly Ablard-Hickman, zoology, Yucaipa, “Orangutans’ Use of and Manufacturing of Tools with Short 
Term Enrichment Compared to Long Term Enrichment at the Los Angeles Zoo”  
Christina Auer-Arriaga, psychology and ethnic & women’s studies, Pomona, “Biracial Identity 
Development: Do biracial individuals choose one race over another and at which age does this occur?” 
Krista Banks, physics, Pomona, “Sound Prisms: Can Optical Methods of Fresnel Zone Plates and 
Prisms be Applied to Acoustics?”  
Diep Burbridge, biology, Aliso Viejo, “Investigating the Role of the CB2 Receptor in Modulating 
Cytokine Production in WIN55212 -2 and ?-9-THC-treated Splenocytes” 
Emma Castro, biology, Pomona, “Linear Growth Differences in the Mycelium of the House  -Eating 
Fungus M. Incrassata: Variations in nitrogen -treated soil and fungus -fungus interactions”  
Alma De Anda, zoology, Covina, “Insect-Flower Associations of a Gynodioecious Plant, Sidalcea Malvaeflora” 
Shakira Ferguson, psychology, Corona, “The Effect of Parent’s and Child’s Race on the Perceptions of 
Adoption Success”  
Yanine Garcia-Quezada, animal science, Pasadena, “Post Exercise Lactate Clearance in Horses”  
Esmeralda Gonzalez, animal science, Santa Ana, “Effect of Relocation on Pregnancy Rates and Plasma 
Cortisol Levels of Embryo -Recipient Cows in an Embryo Transfer Program”  
Maria Guzman, sociology, Salinas, “Factors Influencing College Attendance of First-Generation College Latinas” 
Jody Lopez, animal science, Chino Hills, “Effect of Relocation on Pregnancy Rates and Plasma Cortisol 
Levels of Embryo -Recipient Cows in an Embryo T ransfer Program”    
Maria Saltikoff, animal science, Pomona, “A Molecular Study Addressing Taxonomic and Conservation 
Issues Related to Two Subspecies of the Least Chipmunk, Tamias Minimus Selkirki and Tamias Minimus 
Oreocetus” 
Morgan Sims, English, Sierra Madre,“Examining the Implications of the ‘Individual’ in Modernist and 
Postmodernist Literature” 
Edgar Sotelo, psychology, Mira Loma, “Is ‘Dumbing Down’ Occurring in Higher Education?”  
Brooke Stepp, animal science, Beaumont, “Determination of Total Body Water in the Horse by Use of 
Deuterium Oxide at Low and High Altitude”  
Emily Thompson, physics, Rowland Heights, “Power Law Scaling of Variability of Discrete Signals”  
Brandy Ulrich, biology, Montclair, “Aspects of the Escape Behavior  of the California tree frog Hyla 
cadaverina”  
Oscar Villa, mechanical engineering, Gardena, “Predicting the Efficiency of a Thermophotovoltaic 
Power System” 
Krista Von Stetten, social science, Glendora, “Gone Fishin’: Exploring Meaning and Motivation Behind 
Religious Bumper-stickering” 
Miyuki Yamamoto, biology, Pomona, “Comparisons Between Morphs of Gynodioecious S. Malvaeflora 
Spp. Sparsifolia”   
                                              # # # 
           CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY, POMONA

       
 
Office of Public Affairs                                                       News Release
Division of University Advancement  
 
 
Media Contact: Uyen Mai                                      FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
(909) 869-5331, utmai@csupomona.edu                                                  July 29, 2003 
Release No: 0304-008 
                                                   
       CAL POLY POMONA’S LOW-COST ENTREPRENEURSHIP WORKSHOPS  
                  TO HELP AREA’S SMALL BUSINESSES RUN BETTER 
 
       From Aug. 8 to Sept. 26, the Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation (CEI) at Cal 
Poly Pomona will offer a series of Small Business Management Workshops to provide core 
training for small business managers and owners to help them better run their businesses.  
       These three-hour workshops are offered as follows: Human Resources on Aug. 8, Internet 
Marketing on Aug. 15, Accounting Software (QuickBooks™) on Aug. 22, Financial Analysis 
and Cost Management on Sept. 5, Tax Planning for Small Business on Sept. 12, Marketing on 
Sept. 19, and Financial Strategies for Raising Capital on Sept. 26. 
       The workshops target small businesses and entrepreneurs in the Inland Empire and San 
Gabriel Valley. All workshops will be held 9 a.m. – noon on Fridays at the Inland Valley 
Economic Development Corp. offices at 363 South Park Ave. in Pomona, except for the 
workshop on Accounting Software (QuickBooks) that will take place at the Cal Poly Pomona 
Downtown Center at 300 W. Second St. in downtown Pomona.  
       Each workshop costs $30 (or $150 for the entire series). For more information or to 
register, call (909) 869-2418. 

       CEI at Cal Poly Pomona is dedicated to providing individuals with the most relevant and 
practical graduate and undergraduate degree programs and courses to help them become either 
creative and successful entrepreneurs or entrepreneurial and innovative corporate managers. In 
addition, CEI serves the greater Southern California area through entrepreneurship training, 
consultation and research programs in conjunction with individuals and firms in the broader 
business community. 

                                               #### 

       3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA  91768    Telephone  (909) 869-3342    Fax  (909) 869-3343    E-mail  publicaffair@csupomona.edu 
  THE CALIFORNIA STATE    UNIVERSITY    Bakersfield, Channel Islands, Chico, Dominguez Hills, Fresno, Fullerton, Hayward, Humboldt, Long Beach, Los Angeles,  
       Maritime Academy, Monterey Bay, Northridge, Pomona, Sacramento, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, San Luis Obispo, San Marcos, Sonoma, Stanislaus 
            CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY, POMONA

  